here we have 98 and 99 36-foot cigarette
this vote is 100% custom it's triple to
5000 X 66 is on it they're all in a
great shape all the way around swim
ladder here custom bracket on the back
as you can see it has beautiful painting
nice big interior here plenty of space
look at this nice big center console of
a big bench seat in the back sound
system Parian an infinity speakers
powder coated white rocket launcher for
cup holders and storage index towards
there here on the console they have
Yamaha gauges for everything the Garmin
GPS plotter triple throttles gaffer
gauges Glencoe trim tabs up top we've
got spider lights and
poor rod holders up on the top here
that's also powder-coated way
come on side nice fresh upholstery
inside of the boats in pretty good shape
as you can see face blue tinted
windshield here nice design
my steps outside if you want to get up
there
coming here you have big long down here
Facebook cut through the leaves grab
rails and also painted white hair look
in here is fully custom microwave
refrigerator on the left side on the
right side you have a head sleeps for
two up front one on each side here's the
outriggers as we spin around steps down
Kevin
start which side there's a tv/vcr combo
coming back out
looking back here place upholstery on
everything
triple to 50s